Auth with idp (#121)
sharetribe/flex-sdk-js: docs/authentication.md

Returns a Promise with an Object as a value. The object may contain two fields:

- `scopes`: an array containing the scopes associated with the currently stored token
- `isAnonymous`: a boolean denoting if the currently stored token only allows public read access

To determine if the user is logged in, check if `isAnonymous` equals
`false`.

## Login with IdP

**`sdk.loginWithIdp({ idpId: string, idpClientId: string, idpToken: string }) : Promise`**

> Logs in the user with information from the identity provider (e.g. Facebook) and returns a Promise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logs in the user with information from an identity provider (e.g. Facebook) and returns a Promise.
```

> User can be authenticated if the corresponding idpToken is found or if the email address from IdP
> matches the verified email of the Flex account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User can be authenticated if an identity provider profile resolved from the idpToken is found or if the email address from identity provider matches the verified email of a Flex account.
```
